Full stack web development:
end to end development of an application

front end
back end 
database

Front end:

user interface(UI) where users can see and interact with the web application
client-side
job roles in front end technologies
-used to create website
-used to create structured content on the websites,designs and layouts

technologies used:
html
css
javascript
react js

1) HTML-Hyper text markup lannguage

Hyper Text: A text containing Multiple links(Hyper Links)--(anchor tag <a> <a/>)
Markup language: Specific set of tags by using these we can create Structure content
-- It is used to create structure content on the website(images)

2)CSS-Cascading style Sheets:

--it is used to make the websites in a attractive and animative way
--it is used to add styles to the website
    (font,color,margins, shape, size) 

Github: a place where we store our projects for future use 
https://github.com/Ashwinipatel1

--How to push code into the git:
 commands:
1. git init (to initialize the git repo in local folder)
2. git status (to check the status of the git)
3. git add demo.txt   (filename) (to add untracked files to tracked files)
4. git status
5. git commit -m "Hi"  (to add tracked files with message to local repo)
6. git remote add origin https://github.com/Ashwinipatel1/training.git
7. git push -u origin master

sign in with code --copy code --open link --paste code --continue 



Javascript:
sending data from front end to back end is the purpose of javascript.
--it is a scripting language.
--High level ,loosely or weakly typed, lightweight and scripting language 

javascript variables - 3
- var (var a=10)   --var can be re-initialized , redeclared
 
-let (let user="Ash")  -- re initialized, not redeclared
- const (const dob=2004)
console.log()
document.writeln()  - print on UI
 applications: webpages,mobiles  apps, smartwatch, gaming, server side app, database 

Data types:

1. Primitive: single value
                    -default
                    -string, number, Boolean, undefined, null
2. Non-primitive: multiple values
                             -user defined
                             - functions, arrays, objects






